[OSDOCS#17174]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114085)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-crd-compliance-check-result.adoc

description: <description of scan check>
instructions: <manual instructions for the scan>
id: xccdf_org.ssgproject.content_rule_no_direct_root_logins
severity: medium
status: FAIL
----
where:

`severity`:: Specifies the severity of the scan check.
`status`:: Specifies the result of the check. The possible values are:
* `PASS`: Specifies if the check was successful.
* `FAIL`: Specifies if the check was unsuccessful.
* `INFO`: Specifies if the check was successful and found something not severe enough to be considered an error.
* `MANUAL`: Specifies if the check cannot automatically assess the status and manual check is required.
* `INCONSISTENT`: Specifies the different nodes report different results.

> * `ERROR`: Specifies if the check run successfully, but could not complete.

Reviewer: I see that this was existing text, but perhaps you can change these. 
```suggestion
* `INCONSISTENT`: Specifies that the different nodes are reporting different results.
* `ERROR`: Specifies if the check ran successfully, but could not complete.
```

description: <description of scan check>
instructions: <manual instructions for the scan>
id: xccdf_org.ssgproject.content_rule_no_direct_root_logins
severity: medium
status: FAIL
----

> +

Reviewer 2: Floating plus. Checks all other instances in this file:

<img width="857" height="314" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b07f6cdb-46a0-4f64-a189-d78ab02795e6" />

Reviewer 3: @aksjoshi89 If you missed this, please make sure you consider this review comment.

where:

`severity`:: Specifies the severity of the scan check.
`status`:: Specifies the result of the check. The possible values are:
+
* `PASS`: check was successful.
* `FAIL`: check was unsuccessful.
* `INFO`: check was successful and found something not severe enough to be considered an error.
* `MANUAL`: check cannot automatically assess the status and manual check is required.
* `INCONSISTENT`: different nodes report different results.
* `ERROR`: check run successfully, but could not complete.

> * `NOTAPPLICABLE`: check did not run as it is not applicable.

Reviewer 3: Consider making all descriptions following the same format - "Specifies..."
